README.md, before:

# **Pizza Parlor**

### _Object Oriented JavaScript - Week 4 Project at Epicodus_

#### Author: **_Jessica Hvozdovich_**
#### April 10, 2020

### Description

_The purpose of this webpage is to accept user input of pizza size and toppings in order to display the final cost. It demonstrates the use of object constructors and prototypes using JavaScript and jQuery._

### Instructions for use:

1. Clone this repository from GitHub.
2. Open the downloaded directory in a text editor of your choice.
  (VSCode, Atom, etc.)
3. Open a live server of the webpage.

_Alternatively_
* After downloading the file preview the webpage by right clicking and opening index.html in the browser of your choice.
* Visit https://jhvozdovich.github.io/pizza-parlor

### Known Bugs

No bugs have been identified at the time of this update.

### Support and Contact Information

Please contact me with any suggestions or questions at jhvozdovich@gmail.com. Thank you for your input!  
_Have a bug or an issue with this application? [Open a new issue](https://github.com/jhvozdovich/pizza-parlor/issues) here on GitHub._

### Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS with Bootstrap Framework
* Git and GitHub
* JavaScript with jQuery Library

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| **Accepts and returns user input of pizza size** | User Input:”Medium” | Output: “Medium” |
| **Accepts and returns user input of a topping** | User Input:”Pepperoni” | Output: “Pepperoni” |
| **Accepts and returns user input of multiple toppings** | User Input:”Pepperoni, Extra Cheese, Mushrooms” | Output: “Pepperoni, Extra Cheese, and Mushrooms” |
| **Displays cost associated with user selections** | User Input:”Medium + Pepperoni” | Output: “$10.00” |
| **Provides option to restart order** | User Input:”Click-Restart” | Output: “Display-Welcome Page” |
| **Provides option to alter order** | User Input:”Click-Adjust your order?” | Output: “Display-Order Page with previous selections to edit” |
| **Delivery Option** | User Input:”Click-Delivery” | Output: “Please input your address information” |
| **Pickup Option** | User Input:”Click-Pickup” | Output: “Please create your pizza” |
| **Different Final Display Based on Previous Selections** | User Input:”Click-Pickup, Select-Leaning Tower of Cheeza” | Output: “'Your order will be ready for pickup in 30 minutes!' + Cheeza Gif” |

#### License

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Jessica Hvozdovich_**

Commit message:

updates final readme and completes pineapple error functionality

README.md, after:

# **Pizza Parlor**

### _Object Oriented JavaScript - Week 4 Project at Epicodus_

#### Author: **_Jessica Hvozdovich_**
#### April 10, 2020

### Description

_The purpose of this webpage is to accept user input of pizza size, toppings, and add-ons in order to display the final cost. It demonstrates the use of object constructors and prototypes using JavaScript and jQuery._

### Instructions for use:

1. Clone this repository from GitHub.
2. Open the downloaded directory in a text editor of your choice.
  (VSCode, Atom, etc.)
3. Open a live server of the webpage.

_Alternatively_
* After downloading the file preview the webpage by right clicking and opening index.html in the browser of your choice.
* Visit https://jhvozdovich.github.io/pizza-parlor

### Known Bugs

No bugs have been identified at the time of this update.

### Support and Contact Information

Please contact me with any suggestions or questions at jhvozdovich@gmail.com. Thank you for your input!  
_Have a bug or an issue with this application? [Open a new issue](https://github.com/jhvozdovich/pizza-parlor/issues) here on GitHub._

### Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS with Bootstrap Framework
* Git and GitHub
* JavaScript with jQuery Library

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| **Accepts and returns user input of pizza size** | User Input:”Medium” | Output: “Medium” |
| **Accepts and returns user input of a topping** | User Input:”Pepperoni” | Output: “Pepperoni” |
| **Accepts and returns user input of multiple toppings** | User Input:”Pepperoni, Extra Cheese, Mushrooms” | Output: “Pepperoni, Extra Cheese, and Mushrooms” |
| **Displays cost associated with user selections** | User Input:”Medium + Pepperoni” | Output: “$10.00” |
| **Provides option to restart order** | User Input:”Click-Restart” | Output: “Display-Welcome Page” |
| **Provides option to alter order** | User Input:”Click-Adjust your order?” | Output: “Display-Order Page with previous selections to edit” |
| **Delivery option on welcome page** | User Input:”Click-Delivery” | Output: “Please input your address information” |
| **Pickup option* on welcome page* | User Input:”Click-Pickup” | Output: “Please create your pizza” |
| **Different final display based on previous selections** | User Input:”Click-Pickup, Select-Leaning Tower of Cheeza” | Output: “'Your order will be ready for pickup in 30 minutes!' + Cheeza Gif” |
| **Displays error if only pineapple is selected** | User Input: "Select-Pineapple” | Output: “Error-That's gross.” |


#### License

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Jessica Hvozdovich_**
